Introduction (3)
A clear, high-level description of what the original paper is about and what its contribution is to the wider research space. Cite the original paper. (2)
Scope of reproducibility (1)
How much of the paper were you able to reproduce?
The dataset processing?
The model?
Baselines?
Note: We understand that it can be difficult to reproduce research. We will grade very leniently. Just do your best and go as far as you can within limits.

The research is about Sleep Apnea testing. The paper wants to address the lack of testing among children. It also addresses the difficulty of testing in terms of time and location since current testing is done in a laboratory as well as the need to test several signals. Past sleep apnea testing research and testing has been aimed specifically to adults but even among children this can lead to several health problems if left untreated. What the research paper is trying to develop is a transformer-based model that can detect sleep apnea events among children accurately using only a couple of polysomnography signals, specifically ECG and SpO2. ECG and SpO2 are the signals chosen to hone in on because they are the signals that are the easiest to test and collect data from away from the labs or clinics. The research tries to compare if testing just these two signals can have a similar sleep apnea detection rate against the entire polysomnography signals test.

The research contributes several topics within the research space. First, the research uses a transformer-based model customized for pediatric sleep apnea detection. They tested this model against previously used baselines such as CNNs, CNN+LSTM, and hybrid models and saw improvements in F1 and AUROC scores. Second, the research tested using only ECG and SpO2 and compare it to testing various combinations of signals, including all signals, that are typically included in polysomnography tests. The combination of ECG and SpO2 did have comparable detection rates compared to other signal combinations. Another thing the research finds is that EEG, which is one of the signals thought to be the most impactful for sleep apnea detection, might not have as big of an effect compared to ECG and SpO2. Because ECG and SpO2 could have comparable results to full polysomnography tests this can have a huge impact in terms of accessibility. Patients are able to save money and time. Instead of going to a sleep lab and be put on a waitlist, patients can instead test at home and save some stress of taking their children to get laboratory testing done as well as save money with lab costs.

We were not able to reproduce the data processing and had to generate our own preprocessed data to continue with the other parts of the project. We were not able to reproduce fully an identical model to the ones the researchers used but we have our own attempt of implementing it which did not produce similar results. For the baselines, we successfully implemented two of the four baselines that the research introduced. 
